Chest Exercises

Dumbell bench press is a chest exercise.
Dumbell bench press is a middle chest exercise.
Dumbell bench press is a compound exercise.
Dumbell bench press is a free weight exercise.

Pecdec is a chest exercise.
Pecdec is a middle chest exercise.
Pecdec is an isolation exercise.
Pecdec is a machine exercise.

Inclined dumbell is a chest exercise.
Inclined dumbell bench press is a upper chest exercise.
Inclined dumbell bench press is a compound exercise.
Inclined dumbell bench press is a free weight exercise.

Low to high cable chest fly is a chest exercise.
Low to high cable chest fly is a upper chest exercise.
Low to high cable chest fly is an isolation exercise.
Low to high cable chest fly is a machine exercise.

Chest dip is a chest exercise.
Chest dip is a lower chest exercise.
Chest dip is a compound exercise.
Chest dip is a free weight exercise.

High to low cable chest fly is a chest exercise.
High to low cable chest fly is a upper chest exercise.
High to low cable chest fly is an isolation exercise.
High to low cable chest fly is a machine exercise.

Back Exercises

One arm dumbell row is a back exercise.
One arm dumbell row is a sagittal plane lat exercise.
One arm dumbell row is a compound exercise.
One arm dumbell row is a free weight exercise.

V-bar row is a back exercise.
V-bar row is a sagittal plane lat exercise.
V-bar row is an compound exercise.
V-bar row is a machine exercise.

Lat pull down is a lbackat exercise.
Lat pull down is a front plane lat exercise.
Lat pull down is a compound exercise.
Lat pull down is a machine exercise.

Pullup is a back exercise.
Pullup is a frontal plane lat exercise.
Pullup is an compound exercise.
Pullup is a free-weight exercise.

Wide grip rows is a back exercise.
Wide grip rows is a upper back exercise.
Wide grip rows is an compound exercise.
Wide grip rows is a machine exercise.

Chest supported row is a back exercise.
Chest supported row is a upper back exercise.
Chest supported row is an compound exercise.
Chest supported row is a machine exercise.

Shoulder

Machine should press is a shoulder exercise.
Machine should press is a front delt exercise.
Machine should press is a compound exercise.
Machine should press is a machine exercise.

Dumbell shoulder press is a shoulder exercise.
Dumbell should press is a front delt exercise.
Dumbell should press is a compound exercise.
Dumbell should press is a free weight exercise.

Cable lateral raise is a shoulder exercise.
Cable lateral raise is a side delt exercise.
Cable lateral raise is a isolation exercise.
Cable lateral raise is a machine exercise.

Dumbell lateral raise is a shoulder exercise.
Dumbell lateral raise is a side delt exercise.
Dumbell lateral raise is a isolation exercise.
Dumbell lateral raise is a free weight exercise.

Rear delt fly is a shoulder exercise.
Rear delt fly is a rear delt exercise.
Rear delt fly is a isolation exercise.
Rear delt fly is a machine exercise.

Reverse pec dec is a shoulder exercise.
Reverse pec dec is a rear delt exercise.
Reverse pec dec is a isolation exercise.
Reverse pec dec is a machine exercise.

Biceps

Preacher curls is a biceps exercise.
Preacher curls is a long head exercise.
Preacher curls is a short head exercise.
Preacher curls is a isolation exercise.
Preacher curls is a free weight exercise.

Cable curls is a biceps exercise.
Cable curls is a long head exercise.
Cable curls is a short head exercise.
Cable curls is a isolation exercise.
Cable curls is a machine exercise.

Hammer dumbell curls is a biceps exercise.
Hammer dumbell curls is a branchialis exercise.
Hammer dumbell curls is a isolation exercise.
Hammer dumbell curls is a free weight exercise.

Machine hammer curls is a biceps exercise.
Machine hammer curls  is a branchialis exercise.
Machine hammer curls is a isolation exercise.
Machine hammer curls is a machine exercise.

Triceps

Overhead triceps extensions is a triceps exercise.
Overhead triceps extensions is a long head exercise.
Overhead triceps extensions is a isolation exercise.
Overhead triceps extensions is a free weight exercise.

JM press is a triceps exercise.
JM press is a long head exercise.
JM press is a compound exercise.
JM press is a free weight exercise.

Triceps pushdown with bar is a triceps exercise.
Triceps pushdown with bar is a lateral head exercise.
Triceps pushdown with bar is a medial head exercise.
Triceps pushdown with bar is a isolation exercise.
Triceps pushdown with bar is a machine exercise.

Single arm triceps extension is a triceps exercise.
Single arm triceps extension is a lateral head exercise.
Single arm triceps extension is a medial head exercise.
Single arm triceps extension is a isolation exercise.
Single arm triceps extension is a machine exercise.

Quads

Barbell squats is a leg exercise.
Barbell squats is a quadriceps exercise.
Barbell squats is a compound exercise.
Barbell squats is a free weight exercise.

Leg extensions is a leg exercise.
Leg extensions is a quadriceps exercise.
Leg extensions is a isolation exercise.
Leg extensions is a machine exercise.

Leg press is a leg exercise.
Leg press is a quadriceps exercise.
Leg press is a compound exercise.
Leg press is a machine exercise.

Hamstring and glutes

Romanian dead lift is a hamstrings exercise.
Romanian dead lift is a glutes exercise.
Romanian dead lift is a compound exercise.
Romanian dead lift is a free weight exercise.

Seated hamstring curls is a hamstrings exercise.
Seated hamstring curls is a isolation exercise.
Seated hamstring curls is a machine exercise.

Hip thrust is a glutes exercise.
Hip thrust is a compound exercise.
Hip thrust is a free weight exercise.

Abductor machine is a abductors exercise.
Abductor machine is a glutes exercise.
Abductor machine is a isolation exercise.
Abductor machine is a machine exercise.

Adductor machine is a adductors exercise.
Adductor machine is a isolation exercise.
Adductor machine is a machine exercise.

Standing calf raises is a calves exercise.
Standing calf raises is a isolation exercise.
Standing calf raises is a bodyweight exercise. 

Cable crunch is a abs exercise.
Cable crunch is a isolation exercise.
Cable crunch is a cable exercise.

Ab crunch machine is a abs exercise.
Ab crunch machine is a isolation exercise.
Ab crunch machine is a machine exercise.

-----------------------------------------------------

Exercising program

Push-pull-leg

A push-pull-leg program can be 3 days.
A push-pull-leg program can be 6 days.
A pull day must include back exercises.
A pull day must include biceps exercises.
A pull day must include abs exercises.
A push day must include chest exercises.
A push day must include shoulder exercises.
A push day must include triceps exercises.

Upper-lower
A upper-lower program can be 4 days.
A upper-lower program can be 5 days.
A lower day is a leg day.
An upper day must include triceps exercise.
An upper day must include biceps exercise.

Full body
//TBD
A fullbody program can be 3 days.
A full body program must include a chest exercise for each day.
A full body program must include a back exercise for each day.
A full body program must include a shoulder exercise for each day.
A full body program must include a chest exercise for each day.
A full body program must include a quad exercise for each day.
A full body program must include a hamstring exercise for each day.

Other
A leg day must include a quad exercise.
A leg day must include a hamstring exercise.
A leg day must include a glutes exercise.
A leg day must include a calf exercise.

------------------------------------------------

Programming principles // to be refined

Each muscle group must be hit once a week. (Should we extend it to a fact for each muscle group?)


